<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" lang="#{localeBean.language}">
<h:head></h:head>
<h:body>
	<h1>Who I am?</h1>

	<div class="column-500" style="border-bottom: 1px solid #C7C9BE;">
		<p>I'm currently a brazilian student in the Master's and
			Bachelor's degree in Computer Science at University of Tampere. I'm
			focusing my studies in usability, information visualization, and
			human computer interaction.</p>
		<p>I have experience working with software and web developement in
			Brazil, where I'm also doing my bachelor degree at USP (University of
			São Paulo).</p>
	</div>

	<div id="opinions-wrapper">
		<div id="opinions-title">Testimonials</div>
		<div id="opinions">
			<div class="opinion">
				<h5>" A great master he is "</h5>
				<h6>Yoda</h6>
			</div>
			<div class="opinion">
				<h5>" I fell for him "</h5>
				<h6>Megan Fox</h6>
			</div>
			<div class="opinion">
				<h5>
					" He is the best guy<br />in the world "
				</h5>
				<h6>Mom</h6>
			</div>
			<div class="opinion">
				<h5>
					" I've never seen anyone<br />work that fast "
				</h5>
				<h6>Usain Bolt</h6>
			</div>
			<div class="opinion">
				<h5>
					" This man is<br />always punctual "
				</h5>
				<h6>The White Rabbit</h6>
			</div>
			<div class="opinion">
				<h5>
					" He made me an offer<br />I couldn't refuse "
				</h5>
				<h6>Don Corleone</h6>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>

	<div id="ilike" class="column-900">
		<h3>Some of the things and topics that turn me on:</h3>
		<ul>
			<li>Metal Music</li>
			<li>Sauna and ice swimming</li>
			<li>Finland</li>
			<li>Programming</li>
			<li>Photography</li>
			<li>Cult movies</li>
			<li>Innovation</li>
			<li>Photography</li>
			<li>Social causes</li>
			<li>Geography</li>
			<li>Subcultures</li>
			<li>Human computer interaction</li>
			<li>Usability</li>
			<li>Games</li>
			<li>Cooking</li>
			<li>Fashion</li>
			<li>Books</li>
			<li>Movie quotes</li>
			<li>Psychology</li>
			<li>Physics</li>
			<li>Japanese food</li>
			<li>Public transportation</li>
			<li>Architecture</li>
			<li>History</li>
			<li>Web Design</li>
			<li>Brazilian food</li>
			<li>Equality</li>
			<li>Urban planning</li>
			<li>Sharing knowledge</li>
			<li>Humanism</li>
			<li>Feminism</li>
		</ul>
	</div>

	<div class="column-900 unselectable">
		<div class="more-links unselectable">
			<a href="#lifeline" onclick="menuHighlight(this)"> Want to know
				with details<br />what I did in my life?
			</a> <a href="#photography" onclick="menuHighlight(this)"> Willing to
				meet<br />my photography hobby?
			</a> <a href="#education" onclick="menuHighlight(this)"> More details<br />about
				my studies?
			</a> <a href="#professional" onclick="menuHighlight(this)"> What
				about my<br />professional experience?
			</a>
		</div>
	</div>

	<script>
	$(document).ready(function() {
	$("#opinions > .opinion:gt(0)").hide();
	setInterval(function() { 
	  $('#opinions > .opinion:first')
	    .hide()
	    .next()
	    .fadeIn(2000)
	    .end()
	    .appendTo('#opinions');
	},  6000);
	});
	</script>
</h:body>
</html>


